[New Concept]: Chars (#469)
exercism/crystal: exercises/concept/library-of-luton/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

The library of Luton is a large library with a big collection of different kinds of literature varying from books to art.

> The library does have a section where they study literature and also add books to the computer system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library has a section where they study literature and add books to the computer system.
```

> There are certain parts that aims to be automated and you are asked to help them with this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are certain parts that aim to be automated and you are asked to help them with this.
```

This includes helping things from automating the inscribe process forms to helping decrypting texts.

## 1. Get first letter of title

The books in a library are supposed to be easy to find and therefore they are sorted by the first letter of the book's title.

Implement the `Library.first_letter` method that takes an argument `title` which holds the title of the book.

> The method should return the first letter of the title.

Author: perhaps `sorting_letter`?

> The method should return the first letter of the title.

Reviewer: 👍

```Crystal
Library.first_letter("Mystery of the Crystal Skull")
# => "M"
```

## 2. Get authors initials

The library has a lot of books and they are all written by different authors.

> Often are authors referred to by their initials and therefore the library requested a system that gives the initials of the author, by inputting the author's first name and last name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often authors are referred to by their initials and therefore the library requested a system that gives the initials of the author, by inputting the author's first name and last name.
```
